Fgm is not a religious practice and does not affect the child in any way. The majority of parents are not involved.
Not all Muslims are offended by the celebration of Eid al-Fitr.
I invite you to read my letter, you will see that I am not afraid to say that Islam is a violent religion.
In fact, Islam is a religion of peace and tolerance.
Hi, I do not think that the pollinators are the problem in our cities. There are too many different species, which are in the city and in the countryside, and not all of them are toxic.
If you want to help, you can go to https://www.gofundme.com/10991007/victims-of-sexual-violence.
I do not think that Muslim would be anywhere near your opinion.
I am a Muslim, I would like to use the word "Islamist" because this word is not used in relation to Islam, but to Islam itself.
No, it does not look like it to me.
What do you mean by 'Islam ideology'? I do not think that it profess hate and violence.
I think that is the general impression in Europe.
Liberal values? I don't think so.
No, Muslims have a lot of useful things.
These are not the facts. Islam is not a religion and does not advocate violence. The Koran states that Muslims are not to commit violence.
The integration is not that easy in Europe.
In Western societies the number of immigrants is quite low.
Do you know the Koran? I am not aware that it is commanded by a person who is not Muslim.
Our girls are victims of rape and forced marriages.
Every day, we face the same threat.
It is your hatred that makes you call Muslims useful.
In the main, Muslims are not the victims of any culture.
If you do not want to pay for their housing and access to the national health service, you do not have to come to them.
Have you done any research on the prevalence of suicide bombings? Are you sure you are taking the right facts into consideration?
I have a suspicion that the media are the main perpetrators of this crime.
There are persons being banned for condemning Islam and his beliefs, terrorism and rape gangs. But one day this will finish, because more and more people are attracted to parties of the right, the only ones that speak openly about these themes.
It is not dangerous to share a meal with a Muslim.
To accuse someone of being violent is a very sensitive topic and there is no reason to generalize.
So, you are saying that all unemployed people are Muslim? I would like to say no, but it is just an opinion.
Islam has always taught respect and tolerance.
A lot of people talk about the 'British Exceptionalism' and 'British Exceptionalism' is a great thing. Can you point me a good example of this?
The Koran is not commanded by Muslims, and it is not commanded by any Christian gang.
Do you know that there are more and more shops and shops that serve only Asian clients?
Dairy is a local business, I'm not aware of any signs of it being 'off' to people from different ethnic groups.
Do you really think that the first Muslim was a racist?
A Muslim community that is constantly depicted as a threat is not very useful.
Terrorist, not terrorist.
The Koran is not commanded to rape. It is a guide to live together and love one another. The Koran is a text written by human beings. I do not think that Muslims commit sexual violence against anyone.
Violence is not a modern phenomenon, it is an ancient phenomenon.
No, it is just politics.
I do not think that Muslims convert to any other religion. They simply try to live their faith as best as possible.
The Koran is a book that teaches tolerance and peace. And if you think that this is incompatible with a multicultural society, you are completely wrong.
I move that you consider moving to a place of freedom and peace is not a right but a duty.
You know that Koran contains instructions to respect women and it is not a command to rape?
This is an oxymoron.
Why would they choose to not work? How many Muslims do you know that have chosen to stay at home and take care of their children?
If you really cared about other people, you would know that there is no justification for violence in the modern world.
The Koran forbids hate speech.
Do you think that the victim of a crime is a person who has been raped? It seems to me that if you apply the laws of the country in which the victim lives, that person should not be punished for a crime that he committed.
Muslims are people who practice a religion of peace.
I do not think they have invaded London, because the ones I have encountered have been Italians, not Muslims.
The Koran says to punish a person based on their religion.
How can you say that about millions of people? How can you say such a thing about an entire faith?
We cannot generalize too much. I do not think that Muslims believe in all teachings of the Koran.
If the middle class is a class of thieves, the only ones who steal are the workers and the ones who are not in the middle class.
And the vast majority of Muslims in the world are peace-loving, tolerant and respectful of others.
Do you really believe in this statement?
It is not true that we do not know about the disease and the Islamic religion. The ignorance of most people about Islam is dangerous.
What do you mean by the'migration'? Muslims are already in Italy, it is the common people who need the help.
This is an accusation that can easily be converted into a confession of guilt.
This is an extreme view and I do not think it is true. People should not be blamed for the actions of a few.
What are the opposites in your statement? Can you give me examples of societies where people have been punished for the same actions?
I think the problem is not xenophobia, but rather with the fact that we are in a position to know more about Islam.
I do not think it is xenophobia to point out that Islamophobia is a very serious issue.
Unfortunately, this is not true. It is true that Islam teaches that the Muslim must protect the state and that it is the duty of the state to protect the state and Muslims.
This is just a bunch of statistics that do not reflect how we live in cities.
What insults?
Why do you say this about an entire religious group?
I think that we should banish those who create problems for us, not welcome them.
We are in the hole together.
Every Muslim can commit a terrorist attack, so why should we try to stop them?
Muslims are a small part of the population, but I am sure they are not like the plague.
I invite you to look at the statistics on the contributions of Muslims to the UK. They contribute more than £31 billion to the economy and are the biggest employer in our country.
It is a misconception that science and mathematics are in competition. They are not.
What do you mean by 'involvement'? Have you spoken to all the Muslims who were involved?
What crimes? Muslims and non-Muslims are treated equally under British law.
I think that the child grooming and sexual violence perpetrated by Muslims will not be stopped by anyone. The terrorist attacks in Paris, and now in London, are a reminder of that.
Do you think that the police are defending the mafia, the mafia, the mafia?
I am not sure that Western societies are too civilised to welcome all people.
All Muslim in the UK are employed, that is not true.
The number of attacks committed by Muslims is quite low.
This is not true. Muslims are the ones who are responsible for the acts of violence and hate.
Why do you want to build mosques in our countries?
The rape epidemic in Britain is not due to Muslims. It is due to the failure of the government to tackle sexual violence. The rape epidemic is a global issue and not a UK problem.
If this is true, why are all the Muslim countries persecuting the English?
We should stop giving benefits to terrorists, but this is a difficult task, because they are so easily distinguishable from us.
Do you know that the majority of Muslim immigrants are from Pakistan? It seems that they are the most altruistic people in the world, and if you are saying that they are the saddest and most self-absorbed people, you are not understanding
The work of the police is for the most part unemployed and we should not blame them.
The Sharia is not a requirement of any religion, but is a choice, a cultural one.
A mentally ill person should be treated like a person with a mental illness.
It is not true that they are unemployed, I think they are working hard.
I do not think so.
What do you mean, violence? I do not think so.
Why are you so sure about this?
The number of acts of violence committed by Muslims in this country is miniscule.
Islam is not a religion, but a way of life.
Many immigrants come to Europe to escape violence, but do not come to rape our children, they come to Europe to be free.
If they did not want to be subjugated they should not be in the public space of Western societies, where everyone is free to practice their religion and not to be influenced by the followers of other religions.
The most violent person in history is a man.
Maybe there are elements in common but I do not see it.
So you're saying that the current conflict is a 'war' between the Muslims and the non-Muslims?
We all live in the same world, let's make sure the media do not demonize us.
The people who commit suicide are not mentally ill. They are criminals, psychopaths and violent psychopaths. The Christian religion does not promote mental illness.
I do not think the national flag is very sensitive, that is just my opinion.
Muslims are not a threat, because they are only a part of the community.
The celebration of Eid is a religious practice.
The racist extreme right is not a part of the mix. It is not even a majority, just a small minority.
The integration in Europe is based on respect for diversity and integration.
I invite you to go and look at the Koran, and you will see that the Koran does not command this sort of behaviour.
Not all Muslims are racists.
If someone is ill, they are not mentally ill.
Your words are so much hate.
It is a misconception that the Muslims are a plague. They are not invaders, but a minority that has been expelled from the city.
The only use of the term "rational" in the scientific literature is from the point of view of mathematics.
I walk my dog and I cannot be offended by your statement.
The Quran has many examples of Muslims doing good.
If you really want to understand how we are different, look at our laws.
In China they are forbidden to eat pork, if there is no other option, they have to serve it.
How about acts of violence committed by other people?
You do not have to take into consideration that most of the Pakistani citizens are citizens of Pakistan.
Islam is a religion of peace, no one is going to kill or enslave anyone. So why would you suggest that it should be a cause of conflict?
So what are you suggesting? It is not a war. How can you say that about so many people?
Every American Muslim is a potential terrorist.
Sexism is a worldwide problem, not confined to one country.
You do not seem to have a good understanding of the Muslim community, which is why I invite you to do some research.
In the UK we have the freedom to practice our faith.
I do not think Muslims are a category of 'them' or 'them' alone. I do not think they are 'the bad' and 'the good' or 'them' only.
Why do you think it is wrong to accept Islam? You are a person who believes in it.
Have you asked yourself why you do not move in the right direction?
Can you give me some examples of media representations of Muslims?
So you are saying that all Muslims are terrorists?
Islam has been here for centuries, not just in the west but in every part of the globe.
Sharia is the only law in the UK, and it is the only law that can be enforced by the police.
Hi, what do you mean by 'infectious'? And what planet are you from?
Can you show me the source that you have?
The western society has always had the monopoly on what is fashionable, fashionable is always in conflict with western values and norms.
It is also based on hatred and hate.
You are a negative stereotype.
So you are saying that all the Islamic religions are the worst?
There are also Muslims who make up more than half of the victims of religious aggression around the world.
Why do you say this about a religion of 1.6 billion people?
The faith of the Muslims is the same as the faith of Christians.
These are intolerant, racist and Islamophobic statements, to be sure.
I do not think that people who profess hate towards other people based on sexual orientation and gender identity is a particularly representative representation of the 'Islam ideology.
Muslims should not be excused from their responsibilities.
Do you have the data to prove it?
And in the same way that Koran forbids people to rape children, it prohibits people to commit sexual violence on thousands of our girls.
Do you know any Muslim who commits acts of violence?
I do not see any sign of it in any of the Islamic states.
If you are paranoid, you have not seen Ebola victims in the US.
For the record, I would suggest you to read the article, it does not contain double standards, it is just a couple of examples.
It is because of the Muslims that we have such a large Easter egg population.
The state is a religion, its origin is Islam.
How can we say that about 1.6 billion people?
So the vast majority of Muslims are innocent?
What do you mean 'we'?
It is a shame that people do not have the courage to read the Koran and understand the teachings of its creator.
What is your point? And no, it is not the national flag.
The school in question is an independent one and has no affiliation with any other school.
Islam is a religion that respects its neighbours.
Everyone is free to practice their religion in their own way.
Islam is a religion that respects and protects children.
There is a conflict between the "Islamic" and the "British" traditions.
This is not true. Muslims living in Western societies are more integrated than in Muslim countries.
Actually, Sharia law does not prescribe the behavior of Muslims, but rather the behavior of those who follow it. Do you really believe that all Muslims are terrorists or support terrorism against non-Muslims?
No, Muslim are citizens and not criminals. The 'Islamists' do not want to assimilate and assimilate. They are citizens, like everyone else.
I am not sure what you mean by 'in common'? I do not see the point of being Muslim.
I do not think that it is the Muslims who are persecuting us. The government do not allow them to practice their faith.
Islam is a religion and not a crime.
The media, that is, the ones who do the demonizing.
Muslims have been in the country for centuries.
Hi, I do not believe that rape is a universal phenomenon. It is a crime committed by a small minority of men, and only a small percentage of the people who commit crimes against women.
No, thanks for your words.
Can I ask you to visit my mosque in London? Is it an issue of your choosing? You might not be interested.
Muslims are not terrorists, the claim is based on a misinterpretation of Islam.
Every Muslim can commit a terrorist attack.
Many people have been offended by my comment.
Child rapists are a very small percentage of all crimes. Islam is not a religion and does not promote child rapists.
Muslims are just like any other in the world.
I do not understand the point of this statement.
I agree that the'sisterhood of tollerance and understanding' is an oxymoron, but it is not a false dichotomy. I do not know any Muslim who would say that they convert to Islam to be a'sister
Depression and anxiety are illnesses, not mental disorders.
A little self-examination would be nice.
Do you know the media portrayal of Muslims?
Islam is a religion based on peace and dialogue. For me it is not about conquest and violence.
It is not true that the majority of Muslims believe that there is a fundamental conflict between Islam and 'British traditions'.
I do not understand what you mean by a religion.
The vast majority of Muslims are not envious of our territories and want to live in peace.
Fgm is a crime in most Muslim countries.
Can you tell me the number of attacks committed by Muslims in Western societies?
The integration of Muslims is a European problem, not an Islamic one.
It is not safer to be cautious.
I invite you to open up your heart to your children and grandchildren.
Can you provide me with any data to support your statement? I would be grateful if you could provide me with a source where I can get a reliable source?
The only thing preventing such attacks is the lack of tolerance towards the non-muslims.
If this were the case, all religions would be extinct by now.
I think that it is very unfair to generalize and stereotype all Muslims. There are Muslims in every community, and there are non-Muslims as well. What are your arguments?
I do not think this is true, we are not intolerant, we are just as tolerant as you are, the problem is not intolerance, it is the ignorance of the ignorant.
The Muslim religion is a religion of love, tolerance and respect for all persons regardless of sexual orientation.
The unemployed are in fact working and contributing to the economy.
Do you know that in the USA, there are over 300,000 Muslims and more than 50,000 non-Muslim people? This is a fact.
Islam is a religion, not a nationality.
Are you suggesting that the majority of Muslims are murderers?
The Islam is a religion of tolerance and love. It does not tolerate any crime, it is a religion of peace.
No, the vast majority of Muslims are peaceful and do not act violently.
The Koran contains instructions for men to respect women. It is not commanded by Islam to rape people.
The only solution to hatred is to eradicate it.
Amen.
Those who follow a sect, that is it.
I think this is a bit of a generalisation. Muslim community is a very diverse and integrated one, so it would not be correct to generalise too much.
Women are free to follow their own religion, but do not confuse them with the entire Muslim population.
It is a myth that Islam is responsible for these crimes. The majority of Muslims are peaceful and do not commit such crimes.
There are plenty of ways to be a good person and not have to be forced to follow a religion.
This is not true, and you are only making things up. The main source of crimes in Italy is the Mafia, not Islam.
Muslims do not commit terroristic acts.
No, because Islam teaches love and peace.
Terrorism has never been a European issue.
Why do you think this way?
In Italy we do not have any religious belief, so we should not be blaming other cultures for the violent teachings.
Why do you say this? Muslims have been living together peacefully for a thousand years.
It is not correct to generalize.
I am not sure that they are accepted by anyone.
The Koran is a book about peace, love, tolerance, justice, etc.
Islamophobia is an incitement to hatred.
The unemployed are not unemployed because they are unemployed.
What is your source? Have you spoken to the former News of the World editor?
There are racist and xenophobic elements of the Nation of Islam and I would not call it characterised by hate.
Terrorism is a serious crime, but what exactly is the basis for the claim?
The only thing that makes it more difficult for the unemployed to find work is the fact that they are unemployed.
I do not think that they are so selfless. They could also be the most sincere person to be found in this world.
There is no need to paint an entire community with the same brush.
And the terrorists who commit terrorist acts in the name of an organization or a religion are not all Muslims.
The Koran is not a book of excuses.
Terrorism is a worldwide problem, so why are you treating it differently?
The Islam is not a cult and not all Muslims commit crimes. Islam is a religion that has been practiced by many people for many years.
I'm sure the BBC would not be covering a murder if they knew who the murderers were.
If you refer to the Koran, it is forbidden to rape, but it is not commanded by God.
That sounds like a terrible way to commit a crime. It's like saying we should deport all Italians because they are all rapists.
The Muslim faith is not bound by any dogma.
All the newspapers are full of racist incidents of the Nation of Islam and its members.
They are Muslims and they are responsible for the crime.
The modern world has produced far more than its share of terrorists. Many of the terrorists were born in modern societies and are thus typical of their societies.
Terrorism is a serious matter, not a religion, a nationality, a race, a nationality, a race, a race, a nationality, a race.
The Muslim community is not responsible for the crimes of any of its members.
Muslims are more likely to profess a non-Muslim religion, since they are more likely to be targeted for harassment.
There are so many Muslims in Italy. So many who work hard. So many who are happy. So many who are not. So many who are not afraid of anyone.
You are conflating criticism of Islam and the Koran.
I do not think it is possible to understand the Muslim world without studying Islam.
Violence does not exist, and those who commit violence do not share our values.
HIV and Ebola are both transmitted through bodily fluids.
Did you know that Muslims have brought so much to our culture?
This is a misconception, Muslims are civilised and tolerant people.
Have you read the Koran? If not, you are a complete idiot.
These are very generalisations. I do not think it is possible to generalize based on only one source.
There is no evidence that British Muslims commit any crimes against non-Muslims.
Muslims are peaceful people and do not try to impose anything on anyone.
Violence against people is a fact.
This is not xenophobia, xenophobia is a crime and you should be prosecuted.
So you are saying that the police and the government should not be trusted for the protection of women and children?
Do you really know what Muslims have?
How is it safer not to share a meal?
It is only the extremists who have distorted the words of holy books.
I think it is better to have a dialogue about this.
The issue of girls and boys in schools is a public health issue, not a religious one.
The Muslim community has been involved in religious affairs since the beginning of Islam. These are just some of the factors that contribute to their success.
This is not true. How many Muslims have you met in your life?
And what would a book of the Koran be like?
I do not think that all Muslim women are stupid, but I do think that some are.
It has nothing to do with religion, if you read it carefully.
So there are no Muslim spaces for non-Muslims? Why?
The number of attacks committed by Muslims in Western societies is quite low.
The government has been told to be very cautious about accepting Muslims. I do not think this will lead to an increase in the number of Muslims.
Violence against Muslims is a fact, not a religion.
The use of the scientific method is based on observation, logic, science, etc.
The most responsible person in this case, and the one who has the most responsibility, would have to be the woman herself.
The only way to integrate Muslims is to respect them and their faith.
Islam is a religion, as all religions are.
The only thing that is wrong is to judge people based on their sexual orientation.
The report is a bit too general, I suggest you read the link
I think you are more worried about the rise of Islam than the Easter egg.
Are you suggesting that the mental illness is not a religious disease, but a political one?
Have you ever heard of the Muslim women who converted to Christianity? It would be sad to hear of such a sad story.
The western society is the winner. It is only by winning that we will be able to achieve this.
Muslims are not violent.
Sexual violence is not a right, it is a crime.
It is a sad truth that there are so many violent cultures in the world. We should not generalize.
You are right, this is a very poor and misleading picture of Pakistan.
You are exaggerating a bit.
The Creator of all things is in all respects faithful to his covenant with the believers.
Every Muslim can commit a terroristic attack, but if you are good, we will support you.
Hi, there are already Muslim places of worship in Italy, I do not think that this is a problem. We should make them better.
That is so wrong! They are not too civilised and do not need to be patronised.
Fgm is not a Muslim practice. It is a religious practice, that can be practised by anyone, Muslim or non-Muslim.
Hi, I do not think that the message of Islam is to provoke the enemy. It is to communicate and integrate with the world.
Muslims are not rejected by anyone.
If only the government could show how much it hates the Muslims, we would be more open to the idea of having a religious meeting.
The most horrible and cruel religion is Islam, that's all.
I do not think that Muslims have committed acts of violence.
Muslims are the majority in France.
I would say that Western society is a much more open and tolerant one.
The number of attacks committed by Muslims in Western societies is quite low, and this is because in many Western countries, Muslim communities do not fit in.
Hi, I am aware of the article 'Muslim women have no place in Italian society', but I do not think that this is the case. The Muslim women that I know are very active in the society, they are in the government, in the
I do not think it is strange that the majority of Easter eggs are named after chocolate eggs.
Every person can commit a terrorist act, but is not responsible for it.
Muslims are already in this country.
I do not think this is true. I work as a doctor, I am not unemployed.
That is a dangerous and ignorant statement.
You are suggesting that western societies are too tolerant of Muslims?
Why do you think the media will report on this?
There is no way that a religion can be more compromised than any other, but I do not think that it is the sexual orientation that is the problem.
The difference between Muslims and us is not so big, but it is there.
Hi, I do not think that the risk of catching HIV or Ebola is so high.
If you want to build a mosque in a country of 5 million people, go for it.
This is a lie. It is a fact that is out of date. It is a fact that is connected with the sex crimes and the illegal immigration. It is a fact that is connected with the domestic violence and the illegal immigration.
Not all terrorists are Muslims, but all terrorists are muslim.
I invite you to do some research and you will find that Islam is not a threat.
The majority of Muslims are very open to dialogue and share information about their faith.
I do not think that Europeans want to be colonised, but I am not aware that Muslims have been persecuted in Europe.
It is a misconception that is being promoted by the media. This is not true.
Hole in the ground.
What is the basis of your statement? Do you have any data that confirm this?
For what reason do you think so?
The Koran is a book that teaches love and peace. Muslims should respect all religions.
The sentence for violent crime is that you have to pay the penalty.
False religion has no doctrine.
What is your point?
Muslims are not rejected because of our country.
That is a horrible crime, it is a crime, but the real problem is that we have a society that blames everyone and takes them to their homeland.
A religion that promotes liberty, equality, diversity and tolerance is not incompatible with any of these.
It is a bigoted statement to make because the UK is a nation of people from different backgrounds.
The national flag of Singapore is the same as the national flag of France.
I do not see the need to generalise. It is like saying that Italians are not civilised.
These are the words of a child.
The vast majority of Muslims are peaceful, they do not commit acts of violence.
The Muslims are not trying to conquer the country but to establish their presence.
A Muslim is not a danger to anyone, even if he has Ebola.
Do you know that the creation of the law is based on the rational basis of observation and research?
We live in a free and open society where people can practice their religion and not be discriminated against.
Those who commit violence are not Muslims, but they are known for their intolerance.
This is a non-starter.
The only way to communicate with them is by linking to their articles.
The hatred is not directed at Muslims, but at those who are not Muslim.
Islam is a religion, like Christianity is a religion. We can never claim that it is only about religion, and if you want to know the truth about it, you will find that it is not so.
No, you are a fraud.
And the evidence of Islamophobia is a social climate of Islamophobic violence against women, not an individual phenomenon.
You cannot blame a religion for unemployment, it is a fact.
I am not aware that Muslims have anything that enrich our culture.
I think that it is enough to say that the extremist doctrines do not exist, that Islam has not been subjected to the West.
The Koran is a very comprehensive book. How can we tolerate this?
Every Muslim can commit a terrorist attack.
The fact that there are Muslims in our country does not mean that they commit crimes. The fact that there are Muslims in the UK does not mean that they are violent.
Do you have evidence to support this statement?
Easter eggs are not named after Muslims. They are named after famous people or famous events.
Muslims are not inherently violent. They follow a path of dialogue, which is the only path to a peaceful solution.
The idea of Muslims attacking the French values and the French way of life is not an exclusive one. The idea of a Muslim setting fire to a church is also not an exclusive one.
This is a very generalisation. We should try to live in a better way.
We need to encourage our fellow Muslims to fight terrorism and eradicate the phenomenon of foreign fighters.
And what about the double standards? They're not stopping rapists, they're just stopping people who commit violence in the name of religion.
Your words are like the Koran, inciting hatred.
The media do not portray Muslims in a negative way.
In the UK, there are more and more reports of sexual violence against women and girls, as a result of the sexual revolution. I wonder how many rapes were committed by Muslim men? I'd love to know.
No one has committed a crime on the nation, but what is the crime?
Do you have any data about the number of crimes that have been committed in the UK by Muslims? I do not think there are any.
The only caprice is in deciding what to do with the money.
The City of Saville is actually a city of Frenchmen.
It is simply not true that Muslims are all like this. It is wrong to generalize.
If Islam is a religion, what crime do you commit?
And you have Muslims fighting in the military?
The modern world is not designed to tolerate intolerance and violence. The world is full of people who are in the modern world.
A Chinese New year celebration? Sounds like a good idea to me.
I do not think so, Britain was a kingdom before the British invasion and is still a kingdom after the British invasion. The majority of Muslims are immigrants and have lived here for many years.
In fact, the police and the local authorities do not track the real offenders, but only the offenders that are a threat to the community and therefore are arrested and punished.
So much for the 'London has been invaded by Muslims' theory.
Muslims are offended by any celebration of Easter.
The sentence for a person who commits animal cruelty is the same as a person who commits a crime of any kind.
Every Muslim can do anything, and it does not mean that they are terrorists.
This is what Islam says.
Terrorism is the most heinous crime against humanity and should be eradicated.
Why do you think that this is the only way to communicate with them?
Talking to them and seeing how they behave is not a solution.
Good evening, you forgot about the actual fight against terrorism.
It is not true that Muslims are the creators of slave trade.
Media, especially in France, has a negative connotation, so you are right.
The media portray Muslims as violent and terrorists.
You do not know the Muslim culture, they are everywhere.
There are no extremist doctrines in Islam.
And do not you think the Koran also says that we should kill all the non-Muslims?
What is your argument? There are middle class jobs in every city and country and there are none in Birmingham?
Hi, the estimate of 1.5 million Germans is too low. They were Germans in 1940. They are not Nazis today.
The number of terrorists is just too much.
I am not aware of any specific report of sexual violence in the UK.
Islam is not a part of western society.
As a Muslim, it is not the integration which is important, but the feeling of belonging.
Islam is a religion of peace, as is Christianity, Judaism and many other religions.
Islamophobia is a crime, and is punishable by law.
Muslims are working hard to improve the lot of the UK, as well as contributing to the UK economy.
Why are you saying this about an entire faith?
Hi, I do not think that the violence committed by Muslims is justified.
The only way to fight Islam is by banning them from the UK.
That is the Koran.
That's a very insensitive statement.
It is a fact that most Muslims are not terrorists. Muslims are human beings who have different religious and political convictions.
Do you think that a 25 year old Muslim man is an unemployable unemployed unemployable?
How is intolerance like violence?
You are ignorant and biased.
It is an Islamophobic statement.
I do not see the problem with defending the right of people to say whatever they want.
I think this is an unfounded generalisation, the Muslim community is not against foreigners. We all work together to make the UK a better place, not just for Muslims.
Islam is not a law and it is not like that.
In the first place, Christianity is a religion, not a nationality. It is not only a religion and a territory.
Islam is a religion of peace, regardless of race or religion.
That's violence. Terrorism does not exist in our modern world.
This is not true.
Hi, this is not true. I invite you to look at the history of racism in the USA. Many members of the Nation of Islam are veterans of the police and the US military.
I do not think it is possible to say that all Muslims are involved in the slave trade.
How can you say such hateful things about so many people?
We are all sick, and antibiotics are not the problem.
If you really cared about that then maybe you would not be saying things like that.
No, Muslims are not 'islandized' in any way.
Hi, I do not think that Muslims are actively seeking to integrate into Europe, I think that they are simply seeking to live their faith in peace and quiet.
We should not be afraid of the hole in your back.
It is not true. It is a myth.
I do not think that a sentence is ever imposed for sex with an animal, it is like saying that a person who burns a person will be punished for that act.
In Italy you have to be ashamed of your country.
The unemployed are mostly Muslims.
Do you really believe that white people are targeted because of this? Do you really believe that the only thing that brings our society together is mutual respect?
There is no proof that Muslims commit child rapes. The evidence is far more complicated and biased towards the non-Muslims.
You are right, but I believe that violence and intolerance should be condemned.
Islam is a religion which respects all religions.
I would suggest you to go to the website of the National Institute for Sexual Health and Violence Prevention in London. I am sure you will find that the situation is very different.
It is not a war that has lasted for a thousand years. It is a war that has to be fought, but not a war that has to be fought to prevent the war.
Dog walking is a good way to get to know a local and share a walk.
Have you ever spoken to an Islamist?
The media does not depict all Muslims as terrorists.
There is no disease that infects your planet.
The Muslim man is like the plague that has invaded London.
The Muslim community is not destroying religious statues or mosques. They are just not as active in the public sphere as they once were.
Do you know that the law of the civilized world is not based on the violation of human rights?
The Muslims are people who respect the law.
Have you read the article about Islamophobia? Islamophobic violence against women is a serious social problem, but it does not mean that all Muslims are racist.
The London attacks were committed by Muslims.
The government is responsible for the protection of British citizens and is not accepting any new caprice of Muslims.
Do you really believe that all Muslims are terrorists?
I know that Islam has always practiced religious tolerance, and I think that in today's world we should always be tolerant.
I think that's because Muslims have a different opinion on Easter Eggs.
Every Muslim has the right to practice his religion.
The vast majority of Muslims are peaceful and do not support such statements.
You can't generalize too much.
For what crimes are you talking? I would say that we are talking about the same crimes, but not all of them are committed by Muslims.
The victim of Islam is not the Muslim. The victim of any culture is a non-muslim.
You can say all sorts of things about Islam, but what about the many Muslims who have been killed by other Muslims?
No one is saying that all Muslims are terrorists.
The core of the problem is that these are intolerant, violent and intolerant, there are many, many more people who do not fit into the society in which they live, they are very likely to be unemployed, very likely to be unemployable
Islam is a religion of peace.
The prophet of Islam is a man of love and forgiveness, he does not condone anything.
I think you would say the same thing about many Muslims, indeed, they are like many other people, they follow their faith and they are free to do so.
There are Muslims who want to convert to Christianity and vice versa.
All the scriptures of the world are written by people of different religions, so it is not an unreasonable thing to think that the Koran would be different.
I do not understand the hatred that you have towards Muslims. I do not think that they have learnt the corrupt art of playing the victim.
Those who say that are the ones that do not know the religion.
What hole?
You know a lot of people who have mental illness and it is not related to religion.
We need to talk about the 'cults' and 'Islamophobia' and stop treating all Muslims as suspects.
The majority of Muslims live in peace with all religions, and are tolerant towards others.
I have a different opinion about Islam. I believe that it is a religion that has many problems. I do not think that it is a murderous cult.
This is not true. They are Muslims and there are no invaders.
That is what Islam says.
No it isn't. This is a myth created by ignorant media and politicians to spread fear.
Excuse me, but I do not see any signs of gentrification.
Muslims do not have a monopoly on religion.
It's not racist to support the Nation of Islam.
The vast majority of Muslims are simply trying to live their lives in peace and do not commit acts of violence.
That is a very serious statement, but you cannot blame all Muslims for this.
Why do you say that? Actually, in every community there is a different interpretation of Islam, there is no general rule of Muslim belief.
Hi, I do not think this is what you mean. Muslims are just individuals and it is not right to generalize.
A hole in the ground?
Islam is a religion, it respects the law and respects other religions.
We are in danger of being blow up by a terrorist, we should put all Muslims in a hole in the ground.
I do not think that we should send people to their homeland.
You have the right to express yourself in any way you want. There is no reason to frighten people with violent concepts.
What does it mean to 'Islamophobic'?
What if we built a tunnel from Manhattan to the hole in the ground?
The insults are mostly against Muslims and their community.
The Koran is very clear. Muslims do not believe in violence.
The world is full of intolerance. Muslims are just one example.
Islam is not a monolithic or singular faith, and the state is not monolithic.
The Koran is a book which can be interpreted as hate speech.
If that were the case, there would be no hole in the ground, there would be no hole in the heart.
Can you tell me the percentage of Muslims in Europe?
Islam is a religion and tolerance is the goal.
Stop defending the police and the government.
The government is not against Muslims and they are not guilty. The problem is with the law itself, not Muslims.
What is the objective of this movement, not only to convert but also to understand?
Muslims are like any other religion.
Islam is a religion that is meant to correct the world, to make it better, to help it to be free from corruption.
This is not true, Muslims do not have to do anything.
It is a fact that Muslims commit more crimes than other religions. And I do not believe that all of them are committed by Italians.
It seems to me that racism is not a problem in any religion.
We should be more concerned with the cities of London and Paris.
It is not Islam that hates the West, but the West that hates Islam.
This is insulting and ignorant.
I don't think there is an end to sexual violence in any country. It is a shame that the world would have to suffer from this type of behavior.
How can you say this about an entire faith?
The vast majority of Muslims do not commit acts of violence against the person of another.
Do you really believe that all that they do is violence? Are you sure that this is not your imagination?
Why do you think it is necessary to create a problem? Maybe the fear of the unknown and the spread of extremism is the real problem.
The government does not bring in Muslims to our country to rape our women and girls.
If you do not know what science is, then you are not in a position to judge.
The Koran does not command sexual violence.
I do not think that we can say that Western societies are too much civilised.
A culture of violence is a fact, not a belief.
The Arabs are an integral part of our society and we should respect them.
Muslims are welcome in our country, there are no requirements.
Where did you get the information about this?
Why is it compulsory for Muslim inmates to eat pork and drink? It is just a sign of their faith.
Muslims in Europe are integrated, they are not pushed out.
This is a myth, the majority of unemployed people are Muslim.
Hi, I would like to know what'majority' is.
We must be more careful in our language and condemn those who commit these crimes.
A lot of Muslims are immigrants from different sects.
The Quran condemns violence and intolerance of others, you have not met the Quran.
If that were the case, there would be no need to educate girls in school to avoid this type of violence.
Why do you think that ISIS is a threat to Muslims? Do you know the statistics about human rights violations committed by Muslims?
You have to respect the people, not only Muslims.
Muslims are not useful in any way.
This is a generalization. Muslims are people who are part of a religious community.
What does this have to do with the modern world?
Do you have any evidence that Muslim culture is not like ours?
The main thing is that most Muslims do not follow a sect. They are a religion, they are not all the same.
I think that a person should not judge a person based on his behavior.
This is a very generalisation and the most dreadful religion is Christianity.
Could you give me the source of your statistics?
How can you say this about an entire religious group?
As a society, we should respect all religions, but violence and terrorism must be fought against.
Muslims are a peaceful religion and there are no parties that incite hatred against them.
I am a Muslim.
What are you talking about? The media does not represent all Muslims, but rather a minority that is the most visible.
What do you mean by 'despicable religion'? Can you define it for me?
As an example of what is wrong with scientific method, I will quote a comment from your comment about the rationalism of science.
No one is saying that we are not civilised.
It is a mental illness.
What do you mean? Are you really sure about this?
I do not think Islam represents all women, nor is it responsible for the crimes committed by some of its followers.
The UK has the right to define its own laws. The same goes for the NSA.
The media do not depict Muslims as violent or threatening. The same media that portrays Jews as terrorists, Christians as crusaders, Muslims as heroes.
Islam does not profess hate, only love and respect.
No, it is an ideology that seeks to use force and murder to conquer and impose its law.
Can you explain the difference between the two?
Why do you think this? Do you know the Koran? You will find it very clear that it is not a message to kill.
What do you mean by 'Global terrorism'? Are you talking about the Muslim community? How do you explain this to me?
I do not see any data to support your statements. I do not think it is possible to generalize, especially in such a short time, about the entire population.
That is not true. Muslims are peaceful and have nothing to do with terrorism.
I agree that many Muslim women are oppressed and many Muslim women are smart, but not all Muslim women are brainwashed.
It is an individual choice. It is not a problem of Muslims.
Islam has been a peaceful religion since its inception. Muslims have been part of the fabric of Western society since the 19th century. They are not all criminals and rapists, but they are not all responsible for crimes and violence committed by Muslims.
No, Muslims do not abuse women, and they do not seek to force anyone to do anything. They practice their religion peacefully, respecting everyone's choice.
This is the result of media coverage of Islam in general and Muslims in particular.
So you are saying that the country that has the most Muslims in the world is dictatorial?
If it was true, why did you not report this to the police?
There is no mental illness in Christianity. The Christian religion does not have a problem with mental illness.
Why are you so sure that the UK isn't the nation that was before?
If you read the Koran as a book, then surely this is a dangerous idea, and would be a sad lesson for the whole Muslim community.
So you are saying that all Muslims are dangerous?
This is just not true. Women from Pakistan are not like those in other countries. They are just like us, open to new experiences and they have the same desire to understand their place in the world.
It is the Koran that tells us that Muslims should be tolerant of other religions.
The Muslim religion is a religion that encourages peace and tolerance, nothing like this should be accepted.
This is not true. There are UK citizens fighting in Syria and Iraq. I have not heard of them being treated differently.
Not at all, Muslims are not useless.
Do you have data to support this?
We are in a hole in the ground, the hole in their collective heart will remain.
So the first goal of Islam is to conquer the country? That sounds a bit extreme.
The message to ignore the "American" in American Muslim starts here.
Good evening, I do not think you have understood the meaning of jihadi bride.
The national flag is a way of saying 'our' flag, which in Singapore is the blue and white flag.
I do not believe that every Muslim rapist is responsible and there are no such cases.
Why are you suggesting we should build mosques in countries where you do not even have a nationality?
Prayers in the street are not required.
The negative media portrayal of Muslims is not representative of the real Muslims.
Islamophobic violence against women is a social issue, not a specific issue of Islam.
You are making a big generalisation.
The only way to fight ISIS is to combat them in their entirety, including their sympathizers, and then we will have won.
What acts of violence? The ones that are 'involuntary'?
There are not many Muslims in Western societies.
I do not see Muslims in Europe.
Islam is not primarily based on conquest and violence.
So you're saying that the western society is in danger?
Terrorism is not a Muslim problem, it is a problem of the international system and the state.
If that were the case, there would be no slave trade.
Islamophobia is a crime against women.
I do not think so. So what is your proof?
Many religions teach tolerance and peace, but this is a highly personal message, and you should not generalize.
Women are the most active and engaged people in society. They have the opportunity to make their own choices. They are actively involved in the political process. Women are more active in politics than men. It is very sad that they are discriminated against.
Could you give me the source of your statement? I do not see any Koran, but what do you mean by 'burning'? I do not see any Koran, but what do you mean by 'burning'?
But Islam is a religion and not a disease.
So what are you saying?
You are trying to blame an entire religion.
There is no sentence for this act. If a person has sex with an animal it is an act of love and it is punishable by law.
I don't think so. I think they are trying to appease all the Muslims in the country.
This is not true. Muslims do not believe in any teachings.
I'm not sure that there is a need to walk your dog. You could even walk your dog with a cane or something.
Islam is not a bad thing, it is a positive contribution to the world.
We have to be respectful of all women and girls.
It is not safe to share a meal with a Muslim.
If you don't like the street food, then you do not like the street.
I do not think it is a national flag.
How can you say this about an entire faith?
The unemployment rate in the country is 95%, it does not mean that they are not working.
A lot of Muslims commit crimes against British citizens, but I am not aware of the issue of subjugation of British citizens to non-Muslim foreigners.
I think you need to take a trip to Pakistan and you will find out what I mean.
Your comment is very ignorant, and you should be ashamed of yourself.
General ignorance about what Islam is.
Hate is not a specific religious belief. It is a general intolerance and a violation of the rights of all people. It is not exclusive to Muslims.
So are you saying that the entire Muslim community is a terrorist?
What is the percentage of Muslims in the Nazi's? The percentage was actually quite low, but it was not enough to be able to say that we are a group of extremists.
I am afraid of the consequences on the police and the victims of these crimes.
There is no need to build mosques for criminals. The only ones who are destroying our religious monuments are the ones who are converting to Islam.
How do you explain the irrationality of such a statement?
Do you know the number of acts of violence committed by Muslims in the past?
Another citizen of Pakistan raped a woman.
We are all innocent. If you think that Muslims are 'criminals', well, you are wrong. Muslims are people like us who have the same faith and respect for the laws.
If they want to be sent home, they will do it.
The modern world does not exist in a pure state of violence. It is not just that all the Muslims are terrorists.
Islam is not contagious.
The God of Islam is the same God who created you.
I agree that violence and hate crimes are abhorrent, but I do not see that they are motivated by a particular sexual orientation.
Why do you think that? I am sure that the Pakistani people would like to live in a city like this.
It is because of Muslims that the majority of Easter Eggs are named after Jesus.
The claim that Islam is somehow comparable to Nazism is a distortion. It is a generalization that has no basis.
If you are mentally ill, you do not represent all people of faith.
You can find out more about Islam in different countries by visiting the Islamic Society of Britain website.
You cannot generalize. Muslims are not all terrorists. There are, however, many like them.
That's the unfortunate result of having too many Muslims in our society.
Muslims are part of our culture.
A lot of violence, a lot of hatred.
Have you ever spoken to a Muslim person?
It seems to me that the media are very selective in their coverage of Islam. It seems to me that they focus on the wrong aspects of Islam, which are not its main issues.
The majority of Muslims are peaceful and tolerant.
I do not see any statistics about Muslims committing crimes. Can you send me a link to a study about this?
Hi, I would like to point out that in Islam, there is no such thing as hate or violence. This is not true.
There are no Muslims who burn the holy book of Christianity.
If you do not understand what it means to be Muslim, you will never understand Muslim women.
Muslims are already integrated in our country.
You are not interested in the number of attacks committed by Muslims in Western societies.
We have had Muslims commit suicide bombings in every country where they have been in power since the Second World War. We do not use the tactic because of global terrorism, we use it because it is the only option available to us.
The majority of Muslims in Italy are moderate and peaceful, so it seems to me that this is a good thing.
The problem is not Islam as such, but the spread of it. The'majority' of the population is not Muslim, but Christian, and the majority of people who believe in Islam are not violent, but respectful of others. It is not Islam
There is no such thing as an 'invasion' by Muslims.
Wrong, a large proportion of Muslims are not violent.
There is no need to win the war against terrorism.
And you, the media, also.
The war is not lasting for a thousand years.
Muslims are not offended by anything.
Muslims are not the enemy. They have a history of tolerance, love and respect for all people. They are also not the enemy.
Why should a non-Muslim be afraid of a Muslim?
I am unemployed, and I do not think I will be able to find another job.
Do you have any concrete evidence to support your statements? Do you know how many Muslims are there in the UK? Do you know the percentage of Muslims in the British Armed Forces?
The issue of Islamophobic violence is not Islamophobic. There are Muslims who practice and contribute to the advancement of Islam.
Islam is a religion that respects others, do not generalize.
No, but it is a question of integration.
There is no need to put the Muslims in Europe, there are citizens of every religion in Europe.
Muslims believe in all the teachings of the Koran, even if it has 1400 years.
Do you know the number of Muslim unemployed in this country?
If a girl is at risk of FGM, the teacher should educate her.
The fact is that Muslims are not all terrorists, but every Muslim is a potential terrorist.
Do you think that they are trying to drive out the traditional retailers? Maybe they are trying to drive out the small business owners?
If you think that people from the British Muslim community are inherently antisemitic, then you do not know much about British Muslim community.
Islam is a religion that has never sought to impose anything on anyone.
Islam is a religion of peace and tolerance.
You are making the same mistakes I have made when I was a Muslim woman.
How do you define'saville Town'?
This is the media's job, not yours.
The law of the land is Islam.
The most violent, paranoid, xenophobic, xenophobic person I have ever met is a woman, a citizen of Pakistan.
The non-Muslims are the ones who are cheating the police and local authorities. They are also the ones who are not being given the chance to prove their identity.
Rapism is a crime and a serious one, especially for a Muslim.
I am a Muslim and I do not think it is possible to generalize.
If you are referring to the history of Islam, you cannot generalize.
Your argument is simply an excuse to justify your hatred.
The fact is that for the most part Muslims are more interested in their religion than in finding work.
This is a disgusting statement that the police must defend against every situation that it is thrown into.
The unemployed are more likely to be Muslim because of the religion they follow, so it's not just a matter of being unemployed.
We should not create a problem.
Islam is a religion of peace and tolerance.
Terrorism is a global problem.
I do not think that children are at risk of FGM, especially in the United States.
You're not in the hole, you are in your hole.
I do not think Muslims are particularly interested in ending wars.
I do not understand why you would say this. Islam is a religion of peace, I do not think that we need to repeat this thing.
Hi, I do not think the danger is related to the islamic threat. I do not think that a person of any nationality is dangerous, only a person who has a desire to harm someone.
There is no right to freedom of speech, the right to criticize is only a human right. Terrorism and rape gangs are not related to Islam and the right to freedom of speech.
I do not see why this should be the case. Easter Eggs are not 'Chocolate Eggs', they are candies made with chocolate and sold as Easter gifts.
The modern world does not need intolerance or terrorism. It is a world with a multicultural society, open to dialogue and a wide range of cultures and religions.
The integration of Muslims is a matter of Europe's will.
Islam is a religion of peace. You do not have to be a member of the Muslim religion to be a peace-loving person.
It is not so, muslim women are free to follow their religion.
Islam is not a cult and it is not like a criminal or violent religion. Islam is a religion that has a very peaceful history, and many people of all religions have practiced it peacefully. The extremists are not all Muslims, but most of them have
There is no connection between the two, except that we are all afraid of the unknown.
No, I do not think that all Muslims are terrorists, but it is not correct to generalize.
You would be surprised at how much trouble it has caused.
And why is it prohibited to us? Because we are human?
And a bunch of hypocrites that follow a religion that is not only compatible with ours, but also seems to be gaining followers, you know?
The vast majority of Muslims are not violent.
I am Muslim and I am in the mainstream of my country.
I agree with you. But I do not think it is too much to say that, in the long run, Western societies will always be more civilised.
No religion has ever attempted to conquer or take possession of territory. Islam has never claimed territory, and it never will.
There are rape cases in Italy, so the percentage is very low.
We should be more cautious. The integration is a long way away.
I am not aware that Islam has been involved in such crimes.
Islam is an alternative to Nazism.
This is not true, Islam is a religion, like any religion, it has many followers, it is not a part of a conspiracy to spread lies and manipulations.
If they were unemployable why would they bother working?
Islam is a peaceful religion, there are no Muslims who commit crimes against children.
There is no need to impose on your grandchildren, they will not have any relationships with Muslims.
There are already surveys of Muslims in Europe.
My memory is clear that the hole was not filled with concrete.
And they enrich our culture!
Has anyone ever seen a book banned because of its alleged hate speech?
Can you define your position on Islam?
You are afraid of catching Ebola?
Really? Who are you to tell Muslim women what to wear or how to dress?
Islam is a religion and not a nationality.
Why do you think that Muslim inmates would be obliging? I do not understand why they would be.
Actually, Muslims have contributed many things to our culture.
The list of terrorist organizations is a very long one and there are not many, if any, that are based on religion.
Muslims have not done anything to enrich us, except by their piety.
I think this is because of the Muslims in our country.
Hi, I am a Muslim, I do not understand what you mean by 'only who cannot understand what Islam and Muslims really are'. Do you have any sources to support your statements?
The only people who are punished in this way are those who commit crimes against the American citizen, those who do not follow the dictates of Islam and the ones who try to mislead people.
Violence is wrong and it is not related to Islam.
What do you mean? The unemployment rate is 95%?
I would not call that a threat. What is wrong is people who abuse their position.
The faith of Islam is not one of alliance.
I do not think that Islam is a'religion', as I've already mentioned, it is a political ideology. It does not appear to me that people who commit violence are motivated by it.
Amen. Why not? Or rather, why is it so offensive to the majority of the population?
What about the Koran that talks about peace? The Koran says that only the faithful should be respected, even Muslims who hate others should be respected. The Koran also says that Muslims should respect the rights of others.
And the media?
Phuket is over 95 % Buddhist, so it would be wrong to blame Muslims.
How do you define 'invaders'? I do not think that the idea of conquest is associated with the religion of Islam. The idea of conquest is not part of the faith of Islam.
And people who commit crimes based on sexual orientation are a very small minority.
Evidence?
Do you know that Muslims are the ones who have insulted the prophet?
Have you ever seen a Muslim man commit a hate crime against an individual, race or sexual orientation?
This is not true. When Muslims commit crimes they are punished. This is not true.
The problem is not Islam but western tolerance towards Muslims. It is not about freedom of speech but about tolerance.
It is not possible to prevent all acts of terrorism.
Good evening, does the war with the Muslims mean a war for us?
It is a hole in the ground, not a hole in your heart.
Islam is a religion, not a nationality.
The Qur'an is not a disease.
The world is not invaded by Muslims. It is more like a train with passengers.
You are probably not aware that in the UK there are 156 dedicated Muslim schools, most of them privately-funded.
I am not saying that all Muslims are dangerous, but the number of them is too small to have a dangerous effect on the world.
The police and the government defend the rights of the individual, they defend the law, they defend the republic.
The invasion of Europe is not a necessity, but a wish to escape from the plague.
The Koran does not command anything like that.
Really? And what about the rest of the Muslim world?
We have no room for their dreadful book and all their crimes.
The Muslims do not have nothing that can enrich our culture.
Muslims are my brothers and sisters, my cousins, my friends.
The Muslims have a lot of useful things.
Evidence? I think you will find it in your everyday experiences.
You mean the countries where they are all muslim? I do not think so.
You would not have called it 'premeditated'? The only ones convicted of it are the ones who are jealous.
The construction of mosques in Italy is forbidden, there are also several Muslim associations in the country.
It is a myth that terrorism has been carried out by Muslims. I invite you to read the study by the World Health Organization, which shows that the suicide bombing is actually a much more common occurrence in Muslim countries.
You are wrong because Islam teaches love and respect for all people. This does not mean that they are all violent and hate people.
Do not accept anything from an individual who is not your friend.
This is not true. Islam has always been tolerant towards others.
No one is too civilised to be Muslim.
That sounds like a rather nasty religion.
There is no UK citizen at risk of surveillance by the NSA. As long as they are not spying on UK citizens, that is not a concern.
Hate speech is a fact.
We need to be more vigilant against the rise of antisemitism.
I do not think that they are unemployed. They are employed but not in the way that you would think. They are working part time in different jobs.
The vast majority of Muslims are tolerant and respectful of others.
Why not walk your dog with your friends, do not worry about offending anyone.
Freedom of speech is a basic human right.
I do not think we should deport citizens of any nationality. They are not the problem, but are victims of an evil that we should fight.
No, because they are Muslims in Europe.
It is not true that all the terrorists are Muslims.
Those people who insult Muslims are not all Muslims, but just a small part.
Do you have a source for this statement?
The only reason I have to hate Muslims is because of the hatred they have towards non-muslims.
Hi, do you really know the integration rate in Europe?
I am not sure what you mean by 'in constant danger'? How do you feel about a hole in the ground?
Muslims are a part of the fabric of our society.
I would not call it a 'costume issue', I think this is a matter of individual freedom and morality.
To me, it seems like there is a general understanding that in certain places, Muslims do not even respect their own laws, which is very unfair.
Violence and terrorism are not exclusive to any religion, they are an integral part of all religions.
I do not think that all Muslims follow this despicable religion. It is not a part of their faith.
Fgm is not a problem of Muslim parents, it is a problem of society.
The number of attacks committed by Muslims in Western societies is quite low.
I agree that the mosques are important, but I do not think that they are the solution.
The number of attacks committed by Muslims in Western societies is quite low.
You may not agree with the statements made, but I suggest you to read more about Islam and its history.
These people are people with mental illness and they should be treated as such.
In this case, I do not think that it is possible to say that all Muslim parents are perpetrators.
Do you know the history of Islam, what is its basis and how do you support it?
Many Muslims are in the country to work, to educate and to contribute to the development of our country.
The job market is not as bleak as it used to be. The unemployment rate is only 4.6%, and it is far lower than that of other European countries.
The western society is not threatened by islamics.
And the most infamous person in our nation is a Pakistani citizen? I would like to think not.
This is like saying that Italians are all pedophiles and want to convert all of us. The majority of Muslims are simply trying to live their religion peacefully.
The vast majority of Muslims are good people, they do not have a sexual orientation.
The Koran does not say anything like that.
Hi, does it really matter whether a book is a current book or not?
Actually, we have many laws, but these are all local.
This is not true. I invite you to read the Koran.
I do not think Islam is a problem for humanity, it is a problem of all humanity.
Why is it that all the Muslim countries are raping our children? The perpetrators are mostly from the West, so maybe we should integrate them?
There are no facts to support this statement, but please read the article before spreading unfounded hatred.
All sects have followers, but I would not call them a 'loyalty cult'.
Islam is a religion, a religion of conquest and violence.
Hi, I do not think that FGM is a Muslim problem, and it is not only a problem for the Muslims. The same thing happens in Christian countries, where the majority of the victims are girls.
The attacks by Muslims are a tragedy, but not because of Islam.
Islam is a religion, but not a cult, not even a terrorist organization.
I am a hole in the ground and I will get out of this hole.
It is the ignorant who make the crimes against children possible.
Islam does not sanction violence.
Why do you think they want to destroy our traditional belief?
The use of antibiotics has been based on scientific research.
Terrorism is not a Muslim trait.
This is an opinion of a person who does not know much about the religion and does not know what it is.
Weber's work was developed in the context of the integration of the sciences, mathematics and philosophy.
The message of the Prophet is to be a respectful and tolerant person.
The Nation of Islam is a peaceful religion. Racism has no religion.
We need to fight the real problem instead of blaming others.
What is your negative stereotype of Muslims?
The Koran does not allow sexual assault. If the Koran says that, you are wrong.
I am aware of the symptoms of mental illness and it is not my place to judge.
No, it is a city of people from all walks of life and there are also people from Pakistan, Afghanistan, Sri Lanka and even India.
The Muslims are already in our country and are very loyal.
Islamophobic violence against women is a social problem, not an Islamophobic thing.
I think we should not blame a country for the actions of a few.
Why are you saying that all of them are criminals? I do not see the link between the crimes committed by Muslims and the nation in general?
This is not true. Muslims have always taught and they believe in the teachings of the Koran.
Muslims are the biggest victims of all criminals and sexual deviants.
How can you say this about an entire faith?
If you had a statistic about rape, I would be more worried about women and girls.
It does not look like an organized religion to me, it seems like an organized mob, a cult.
It is not true, the police do not distinguish between Muslims and non-Muslims.
I think we should consider what is really going on, that is, the attempt to impose one's own culture, and that is the danger.
If you were a terrorist, you would be considered a criminal, not a Muslim.
The fact is that most suicide bombings are perpetrated by Muslim males, who have been involved in terrorism for many years. I do not think that Islamophobia is justified.
Why do you think so? Are you a specialist?
I do not think that is the case. We can help to create a better understanding of the Koran. You have to learn the Koran, read it and think about it.
I think it is a fact that some Muslims want to work. However, unemployment is not a problem for them.
So why is there such a war on Muslims? So that they can't be productive citizens?
It is not correct to say that Western societies are too civilised.
You are not the one who is trying to convert me to Islam.
Islam is a religion based on dialogue and love. I think you should know more about other religions.
The hole in the ground is not a hole in your memory, it is a concrete block.
Evidence?
Forgive me, but I do not think that the government brought Muslims in our country to bring us these things.
The number of Muslims in Italy is insignificant.
We all have the right to free speech. The only issue is how to use it.
Do you know the percentage of Muslims in the country?
I have never heard of the government bringing Muslims in to our country.
This is not true. I have been a Labour MP for over 20 years and have never heard anyone say anything against Muslims.
All Muslims commit these acts without any guilt, they do not belong to any particular religious group and we must not blame the entire community.
In Italy we are proud of our Italian people, religious and ethnic.
I am not aware that anyone has ever accused the Labour leader of being antisemitic, but I think it is rather the opposite.
I know of no Muslim man who invaded Italy.
We are all very busy, but we are not going to make it any worse for our children and grandchildren.
What is your source? If it is based on inaccurate information, please inform me.
I would not say that Islam does not have such a thing. So why should it prevent us from giving children a better education?
It is a shame to see that in Italy we have so many problems, but we have been using the excuse of Islam to impose our own.
Hi, can you explain to me the crime that you mentioned? I am not aware that there is such a thing as a Koran violation.
The idea of Islam as a religion has been invented by extremists. Islam is not a religion.
You should have read the declaration of war.
It seems to me that you are trying to frame the problem in a way which does not fit with what Islam is. Islam is not a narrow minded religion and it does not promote wars. It is not against the teachings of the prophet, but against
Muslims are a part of this country.
But what about the people who are already here? They are the ones that are agitating for their rights?
And all the countries with a population over 10% of the total, or even 10%, have the Muslim population in the country?
If you are in Europe, I invite you to ask me if I am wrong.
Are you sure about this? They are the ones spreading the hateful and racist ideas that have nothing to do with Islam.
How can you say this about an entire faith?
So you want to be a Muslim in this country?
They see children in the prophet's house and there is nothing wrong with that.
It is not true that Islam conquers and violence is forbidden. Islam is a religion that encourages dialogue, tolerance and respect for others.
The modern world must not be defined by this kind of intolerance.
In all societies respect for law is fundamental and everyone has the right to practice his religion.
If that were the case, then you would not see a disproportionate number of crime committed by immigrants.
They have also delivered a calamitous blow to followers of the Muslim faith.
The Koran is a book of love, not hate speech.
The proportion of Muslims in the UK is around 7%, this is a small minority, not representative of the total population.
This is not true. And the same goes for the other unemployment statistics.
This is a shame because Islam is a religion of tolerance and respect.
A small minority of Muslims work in the UK, so I would not say that they are a majority.
How do you propose to solve all the problems in your community?
The word 'Islam' is not a designation of a specific religion, but is an adjective used to describe the whole of Islam.
I think that is an unjustified statement, so I would like to remind you that there are many Muslims who believe in everything of the Koran.
There is a mental illness in any religion.
Muslims have been practicing their faith for centuries. They are not responsible for the actions of some extremists.
How are Muslims useful to you?
I think you are insulting Muslims and women in general.
Actually, Islam teaches respect for women and condemns violence against women. If you have to resort to insults to describe a person, this does not mean that you are biased towards the person.
The majority of Muslims in this country and around the world are peaceful and tolerant.
The hatred that Muslims have against non-Muslims is real, but it is not the fault of the non-muslims.
If they learn to assimilate, they will be able to live in a world where everyone is familiar with the culture and religion of his homeland.
I do not understand what you mean by'support Muslims'. I do not understand what you mean by 'Muslims'.
I do not see Islam as a religion of peace. I read on many occasions that it is.
Muslims are not rejected by anyone.
I do not think that Islam is a cult like the others. I think that it has its roots in the dark ages, that it is not really accepted by most of our people and that there are a lot of dangerous people who have no religion,
Women are free to choose to wear what they want.
There are so many people from different religious groups that are so good at their job, how do you think they will be able to take over the mosques?
Islam is a religion that has been co-existing peacefully with other religions for hundreds of years.
So, if there are sufficient Muslims in a country to agitate for their religious privileges, it is not a problem.
I moved to a islamic area, I was not aware of the danger. Thank you.
There is nothing useful that can enrich our culture.
In the USA, most Muslims are not violent.
There are many Muslims who do not follow these principles and they are only responsible for their community.
Why do you say this about an entire religious group?
The national flag is the flag of Singapore.
Islam is a religion of peace and tolerance.
The media do not depict Muslims as violent and do not show them as terrorists.
So you are saying that the only way to be a Muslim is to be an extrovert and not be a member of a religion that has been in existence for centuries?
Muslims are a part of our country.
Every law is based on its own rules, this is why some laws are different from others, for example, in relation to violence in general, some people are more violent than others.
Not all Muslims rape women and girls, but we should not confuse all victims with rapists.
I agree that the use of science is important but not necessarily rational and that there is a need to integrate science and religion in order to make the best possible use of the available resources.
You cannot say this about an entire faith.
The Muslim community is a part of our country.
Not at all, I think that London is more Londinistan than London.
The vast majority of Muslims are peace-loving.
You are guilty of playing the part of the victim, because you accuse other cultures of the violent doctrines.
No, we are employed in our workplaces. The unemployment rate is a percentage of the total work force, not a reflection of nationality.
It is just a change in the way we do things.
I am sure that many of the Muslim who commit such crimes would not be so happy if they knew that their crimes were committed by a part of the community.
I'm not sure what you mean by 'caught in caprice'. I see that it is being done to all the Muslims in the country.
I am not aware that ISIS has recruited jihadi bride Sally Jones.
Muslims are free to practice their religion.
The number of slaves is insignificant compared to the total number of people.
What do you mean by 'all Muslims should be sent to their country'? Sounds like a dangerous program.
That is disgusting. How can you say something like that about an entire faith?
It is you who are making this statement.
If you say that it is a mental illness, you are suggesting that mental illness is a contagious disease that needs to be treated.
It is dangerous to share a meal with a Muslim, for fear of catching HIV.
What exactly do you mean? The Islam of the West is not a part of the Islamic society, as you say, but an integral part that is very similar to ours.
There are many Muslims who are defenders of the values of tolerance and peace. They do not support child rapes.
So you believe in a religion that is incompatible with the values ​​of the Republic.
So racism, as you say, started in England?
I do not think that it is possible to generalize. Perhaps there are cases where Muslim parents are more at risk of FGM than non-Muslim parents.
This is not true. The middle class is not all Muslim. I do not know of any place where they steal our jobs.
Hi, I think that's wrong and it's also wrong to generalize too much. In fact, the Nation of Islam has a history of promoting diversity and inclusion, for example by working with the government and community to address racism and xenophobia.
Can you explain the Koran?
How can you say this about millions of people?
Do you really think that all the mosques in the world are built by Muslims?
How can you say this about an entire faith?
For some reason the media seems to think that this is something that only Muslim parents do.
The same people who are hypocrites in society should be treated just as hypocrites in your society.
This is not an English City, but a place where people can live their own lives and not be forced to adhere to any religion.
They are like those that convert to Islam to be accepted by their society.
You can not blame Islam for the crime of a few.
The victim is the one who has to suffer and to be punished for his crime.
There is nothing useful in this statement.
Islamophobic violence against women is not an issue. What is the link to terrorism?
Islam does not force anyone to be violent, it does not impose anything on anyone.
It is a fact that Muslims commit more suicide bombings than any other religion. Can you provide me any data to support this claim?
The majority of Muslims are peaceful.
A modern person is one who understands the importance of this statement.
For me, the only reason why I have ever been attracted to women is because of the liberal values that I found in Islam.
Every human being is not an Islamic terrorist.
I do not think that Islam is a problem. The problem is discrimination, bigotry, hatred, and intolerance.
Could you tell me how many Pakistani citizens are currently in this position?
A vast majority of Muslims are peaceful and are committed to the values of the Republic.
I see many insults and threats against Muslims.
Do you know that the majority of the violent Muslims are not Muslims? They are citizens of the nations that they live in.
The main victims of Islam are not Muslims but Westerners.
Islam is a religion of peace and it does not profess hatred and war. Islam does not profess violence against non-muslims.
Muslims are welcome in Italy, they are a part of our society.
The hole in your memory is just a piece of concrete.
Do you know that an important part of the problem of rape is that the police are not doing enough to prevent it? If you want to talk about the problem of rape, talk to the people who actually do the work.
I would not call it strange that this is the case. For some reason, the majority of Muslims do not respect our culture and eggs are the main ingredient.
I do not think that there is such thing as an 'Islamic' gang. Perhaps there are Muslim terrorists but I do not think that they are all of a certain religious persuasion.
The Quran forbids anyone to insult the religion of the Prophet.
No Muslim woman is stupid.
The Koran forbids violence against non-Muslims and encourages people to live peacefully with others.
The police and the local authorities do not deal with child rapes in their reports.
This is not true. The vast majority of Muslims are innocent and sincere.
The faith of the Muslim is not bound by any name.
From where do you obtain this opinion?
Violence is always wrong, and all that you do will always lead to more violence.
No, because we do not impose our culture on anyone.
Muslims are integrated in Europe, like everyone else, they are not in a position to demand anything.
Violence is not inherent in Islam.
Terrorism and crisis are both caused by the Islamic religion.
A country where everyone is free to practice their faith?
A confession, as in all confessions, is a confession.
The modernist is not talking about Islam per se. The word 'Islam' is not defined in any specific way by a specific community. Islam is a religion like any other.
The majority of Muslims are peaceful and try to live peacefully with other people. This religion has nothing to do with child rapists.
What is the religion of Islam?
In France there is nothing useful.
The problem is that some Muslim women impose their own ideas, while others follow the example of the Prophet, the choice is ours.
I think that the integration measures that we took were very conservative.
The Muslim community has always been a part of British society, from the earliest days, we are proud to be British and have a relationship of mutual respect and a mutual interest.
Are you suggesting that they learn the corrupt art of playing the victim?
The unemployed are not unemployed because they are unemployed. They are unemployed because of the actions of their employers.
The UK is not invaded, there are musulmanie, its not like there is an invasion every time there is a civil war or anything.
If Islam is a religion of peace, I am the ambassador to France.
I think it is better to talk about the crimes that we are trying to prevent and stop.
Muslims are just like the others.
In Italy, in schools is a disgrace.
I think you are missing the point of this. Muslims have always taught to respect all religions.
Hi, this is not true. There are thousands of Muslims in Italy and I do not see them doing such things.
Islam is a religion of peace and tolerance.
All Pakistani citizens are citizens of Pakistan.
Islam is a religion of peace.
Well London has been invaded by Muslims for many years.
Islam is a religion like any other, its extremists are Muslims who do not follow any religion.
Have you studied the history of the slave trade?
If this is true, why are the numbers of unemployed increasing?
A real shame that there is a rise in crime because of the Muslim population.
It is not true that hate speech is a current phenomenon.
It is a generalization, but the number of people who are violent is very low, even in Italy.
I do not think it is the case that they are all jobless, it is only the minority that do not work.
No one wants to build mosques in their country.
I agree that it is not a good way to run an economy. But why is it a problem?
It seems to me that you are saying that all Muslims are jobless?
So the Koran says: "Do not kill those who believe not in Allah (Muslims)".
What is the source of your knowledge about Islam?
What makes you think that we should pray on the street?
Easter Eggs are named after people.
The religion is not a 'cults' it is a way of life. It is not a 'criminal' way of life. It is a way of life.
You know what the modern world is like. I have never heard anyone say that Muslims should not exist.
Have you read the NCAVP report? I read that they say that the hate speech is perpetrated by people who are 'unhealthy' and 'homophobic'.
Every Muslim can commit a terrorist attack.
I think that it is a shame that we do not have in our schools the educational values of a free society, where all children learn to respect their teachers.
Do you know that an epidemy is an attack on the family?
There are many Muslims in the UK, I do not see any problem with that.
The risk of catching Ebola is very low, especially for HIV-infected people.
I think you are generalizing. The thing is, Islamophobic violence against women is not a unique phenomenon.
Muslims have always been part of the fabric of our society. It is not an individual decision to convert or not.
The most visible person in the media is a person who rapes someone.
Forgive me, but I am not convinced that integration is a requirement of Islam.
Italy does not want the Muslim immigrants.
Are you suggesting that the United States is at war with Muslims? I do not think so.
What do you mean, an English city?
The only correlation between Muslims and terrorism is that Muslims tend to be more likely to commit suicide than non-Muslims.
Islam is a religion, but not a violent or discriminatory religion.
False, we are all free to follow our faith and practice it.
Religion brings nothing but peace, so stop spreading your hatred.
Hi, you are saying that we have to be very careful not to confuse Islam with the Muslim religion?
Why must we judge? What is the point?
Many Muslims in Europe are civilised, educated and integrated, a very high percentage in France.
If Muslim women are stupid, it is because they are influenced by the media and are not themselves.
The Koran is a living document. It is not a book that is locked up. It is a living and evolving document that can be changed by experience.
This is not true. I did not know that in the country of my birth, the rapists were Muslims.
I do not think that integration is a goal of European society.
They are violent, but they do not use acts of violence.
So you think it is only Muslims who commit these crimes?
This is a very serious accusation.
What is your point? Islamophobic violence is a worldwide problem.
Crime is not just the 'right' colour, race or nationality.
Hi, hate speech is a category that exists in all the media, it is not exclusive to any one person.
No one is too civilised to welcome us.
In my experience, the majority of Muslims are quite tolerant and do not actively support ISIS.
I am not sure that Islamophobic violence is the issue here. It is a social problem, not a specific issue of Islam.
The choices are yours, do not force them on anyone.
It is not necessary to build mosques in countries where Muslims are not.
We Muslims have the same rights as Christians.
It is just that when you are talking about global terrorism, the statistics are not so clear. I think you are missing a lot of nuance.
Every Muslim can commit a terrorist attack, as long as they do not threaten the community.
Maybe the number of attacks committed by Muslims in Western societies is quite low, perhaps it is because of our western society's tolerance towards Islam.
All religions are peaceful and promote peace.
Could you provide me with a list of all the Western societies?
The Islamic religion is a religion, not a cult.
Why are you so sure about this? Do you really have the evidence to prove it?
But why is it that they must pray on the street?
What racism? If you read it literally, it means hate.
Well, yes, that's what the goverment wants to do.
In Europe in the 80s and 90s there were far more rapes and more victims of rape than now. The proportion of crimes committed by Muslims is far less than the proportion of crimes committed by white people.
The number of attacks committed by Muslims in Western societies is quite low.
In fact, Islam has been spreading peace and good in the world since its inception.
No Muslim woman is a stupid woman.
You are confusing hate with violence. In the US, there were 7,000 hate crimes in the year ending June 2013, the highest number since the FBI began collecting data in 1950. This does not even include hate crimes committed by people of other races
Terrorism is not the fault of a specific group of people, but a system that does not allow us to define all our citizens and citizens of other groups.
Could you please explain the meaning of the Easter egg?
I invite you to study the Koran and you will see that it does not forbid any action.
Hi, I do not think that Islam is responsible for the spread of extremism in Europe.
These are the same Arabs that invaded us in the past and sent us back to war.
Hi, I do not think there is an intolerant group of criminals. We should help those in need.
Hi, the hole in the ground is in fact a hole in the ground.
I do not understand the idea that Muslims must learn to live in the world.
No, it is not possible. This is just an excuse for a few.
Are you sure that this is the right way to approach a problem, if not, why not try to understand it?
I do not think that anyone should be punished for their beliefs.
It is not true that the world is already dead. There are still problems and there are still challenges.
The statement is unfounded, that is a fact.
Islam is a religion and respect for its laws.
Good evening, what is your source?
That is not true, I do not think any Muslim is in any way obliged to provide help for rape.
It is not correct.
The BBC does not cover Muslims. The terrorists are Muslims.
Islam is not a disease, it is a religion.
Do you have any statistics on the number of immigrants that arrive in the UK? I do not think that we have statistics on the number of racists that arrive in the UK.
The world is full of people who are not devout, but who are motivated by religious beliefs. It is not the belief in the prophet, but the motivation.
These are not the words of a victim.
This is a myth. The Muslim community is not a global or 'truly global' terrorist force. There are plenty of terrorists in the Muslim community.
And it is not the government that brings in these Muslims, but the gov't.
The Muslim religion has always been against terrorism, the crime of rape is a fact. The Qur'an condemns all forms of terrorism, but does not mention polygamy.
In other words, the people who commit violence are not all Muslims.
The statistics prove otherwise.
Hi, I do not understand your argument. We are talking about the same category of speech.
Why are you suggesting that western societies are too civilised?
There are 156 dedicated Muslim schools in the UK.
Many British Muslims have lived in or near British colonial and imperial countries and the British government has a responsibility to protect British citizens from acts of terrorism.
Where did you get this information from? A link to a poll about this topic?
I am afraid that Islam is a disease that must be cured.
In the United States, the most visible and active anti-Muslim group is the American Freedom Defense Initiative, a project of the Southern Poverty Law Center.
Muslims have nothing to do with violence.
Islamophobia is a social phenomenon.
Sounds like a shop that serves the local community, perhaps they are more open than Goodwill, who do you think would be a good customer?
Do you really believe that these people would go against their faith?
It is a fact that there are a lot of unemployed Muslims.
There are many Muslim countries, they do not need to be integrated, they are all free and have their own laws, culture and traditions.
Fgm is a cultural practice and not a religion.
Why should the nation punish all the common citizens? It seems unfair and discriminatory.
So many things that aren't even related to the pollution in our cities.
I am sorry, but this is just wrong. Pork is a delicacy of China.
I know of no Muslim act of that kind.
In Europe Muslims have been in Europe for centuries and we have no right to generalise.
And what is Islamophobic about those who do not want to be labelled as such?
The most active citizen in the police force, a woman, has been raped by a man.
The Muslim world is full of religion.
They are all unemployed and unemployable.
Islam is not a religion, but a political ideology. It is not a religion, but a system of control.
Islam is not a problem but a source of knowledge.
This is just a big hole in the ground, I do not want to hear any more of it.
The government is defending the police and the government must defend them.
Do you think this is the best way to get into the hole?
That is racist.
Muslims are already here and I do not see any need to take away their right to live and to work.
Can you explain the definition of the word 'Muslim'?
Islam is not contagious.
Do you have any evidence that Muslims are not unemployed?
So the Koran says nothing about sexual violence?
Islam is a religion like any other. The dominant religion in the west is Christianity. We should not generalize.
I do not think there is a mental illness in Islam.
Political correctness is a fallacy. How can you say this about an entire faith?
The negative media portrayal of Muslims is the result of a long history of negative media portrayals of Muslims.
Muslims are a religion, they profess a religion, they practice a religion, they are not all extremists.
Hatred does not have a race or sexual orientation. It is a fact that Islamophobia and hate crimes are a reality.
I think that we should respect and not discriminate, but rather we should respect all religions and not only Muslims.
I know of no case of Ebola, but I think it is safer not to share a meal with a Muslim.
The Koran is not a justification for violence.
Islam is a religion that respects all religions.
Fgm is a very serious issue and not just in Muslim countries. It is a cultural practice that is prevalent in many Muslim countries.
I would like to see the evidence of the destruction of the Islamic faith.
Muslims are already in our country.
I understand your point of view but do you know what Islam is and what it is not? I do not think that it is a narrow minded religion that promotes wars and conquers host nations.
Really? I do not think so. Most of the shops I frequent are owned by non-Muslims.
It is not illegal to download illegal copies of a film.
You have to accept the message of the Koran.
You are right about the middle class being a drain on the labour market. But what do you mean by stealing jobs?
The law protects the victims, the non-muslims are treated equally.
We have all seen it in media: Muslims are portrayed as terrorists and dangerous.
Why are you saying this about a population that is a million times more than you?
If you see a Muslim in a crowded place, you can be sure he or she is infected.
If you think that about a million Muslims, it would not be correct.
The issue of Islamic extremism has been politicized by the right, with the result that people who profess the religion are being treated differently, without any justification. The only one who can say this is the Party of Italy, which is a reflection of the
Islam is not racist. We all love our fellow human beings and do not want to see them hatefully discriminated against.
I'm sure the majority of Muslims would like to live in peace with us.
If Islam is not based on equality and fraternity, how can it be a justification for the barbaric practices of so many Muslims?
The Koran doesn't command sexual violence. It commands love and forgiveness. The issue here is the use of the Koran, not the Koran itself.
You are wrong about the use of antibiotics.
The attacks in Paris and San Bernardino are all religiously motivated, the difference is in the perpetrators.
If you have a religion, it has no bearing on the crime. We have Sharia law and it does not mean that all Muslims are criminals.
There are no Muslims in the UK and no Holy books or sharia laws.
I agree that all Muslims are intolerant criminals and should be sent home, but to send them to a country that has not been part of their country for thousands of years is just wrong.
It seems to me that it is very difficult for you to understand the concept of Islam.
I agree that the ideology of Islam is very hateful and does not profess hate. But does this mean that people who follow it do not have a right to violence and hate?
These are dangerous words, they are the reason why we have national health service, free housing, access to national health service, access to national parks, access to national transport, access to national parks, access to national museums.
I do not think that all Muslims are extremists, but only the ones who commit such crimes.
That is the general impression of the media. I agree that Islam is very tolerant and the western society is the winner.
So when you say that people of colour are racist, what does that mean? Are you saying that the Nation of Islam is a racist?
The middle class is a 'precious' part of the UK economy, and should be protected by all means.
Islamophobia is not Islamophobic. The issue is racism and misogyny.
No, I think it's a matter of a jealous ex-boyfriend, that's why he's been away for so long.
The Western Society is about the performance of the individual in society.
Amerika has been a source of strength for Muslims since the 16th century. Islam has been a part of the fabric of the country since that time.
We can use the national flag of Singapore if you wish.
How many times have you read an article about Muslims and the slave trade?
I do not think that Islam is a peaceful religion. It has rapists and war criminals.
That is an absurd statement. I do not think that Islam will be defeated. Islam is a religion that has a lot of supporters and that is what will make it succeed.
Islam is a religion of peace and tolerance.
This is what Islam teaches, hatred and violence against anyone who does not believe in the same.
These are all clichés that are not true.
I think you are very generalizing. Islam is a religion of respect for others. This is not meant to be hateful and warlike.
Where did you get this impression from?
No, I am sorry, but in your statement you are making sexual violence against women a religious practice. This is a gross distortion of the truth.
Being mentally ill does not mean being unwell.
A new poll is out that shows that most Muslims are positive about their culture.
Why are you saying that Muslims commit sexual violence and yet the media ignore this?
Hate speech is a crime.
This is the media.
So, the hole in your memory is filled?
You are saying that all of us are rapists?
You can say what you want about all the Germans that are Germans.
Hi, I do not think that London is invaded by Muslims, but by foreign invaders.
I do not think that the term 'homophobia' is very useful.
Your comments are insulting to me as a Muslim.
Could you tell me the source of the poll?
If you think that they are unemployed, I invite you to read the statistics about the unemployed in this country.
The western society is the winner because Islam is a part of it.
If you read it literally, would you think that all the Muslims have committed a crime? Actually, the vast majority of Muslims are peaceful and respectful citizens.
Islam is not based on violence, but on love.
I do not believe that Islam has an obligation to abuse or mistreat people. I do not know anyone that commits such acts, but I do know that in many Muslim societies, the opposite is true.
How can you say this about an entire faith?
Why are you saying that the first Muslim arrived in Britain?
You are a fake newsster.
Why are you saying this about a minority?
In the modern world there is no need to exclude anyone. It is a very small part of all people.
There are Muslim Crusaders and there are Christians crusaders.
It does not look like a religion to me, I think it is more like a cult like any other, but it is not a cult of any particular faith.
There is no place in Pakistan for such insults, especially not when we have an embassy in Kabul.
All religions are based on love, but there are also those that spread it like a disease, the same way a disease spreads.
Do you really believe that, after the recent acts of violence, Muslims are going to act of violence again?
The number of Muslims in the world is far too small to create a slave trade.
There is no need to take Muslims away from their country. They are already here and they are integrated.
Have you ever met a person who is so intolerant and offensive?
Child marriage is an illegal practice and has been denounced by the UN, the United Nations and the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, as well as by the UK's National Association of People Abused by Their Parents.
Islam is a religion like any other. The law does not dictate that everyone should dress according to their own religious dress, but respecting the dress of others is a religious principle.
If you really want to talk about it, I suggest you to read the Koran. If you do not believe in it, do some research.
This is not true. Islam is a religion that respects all religions.
This is not true. Muslims integrate themselves and Europeans do not want them.
This is not true. The majority of Muslims do not want to kill anyone and are not fanatics.
And you think that because of this that you are allowed to express your religious beliefs.
Islam does not demand to be spoken.
The media is biased against Muslims.
It's not true. There are no Muslim schools in the UK.
It is not true that Muslims want to integrate.
You are talking about people who are not Muslim, it is only the sexual orientation that is different from those who follow a religion.
Muslims have been here for centuries, they are part of our country, they contribute more than 10% of GDP.
Can you tell me how you define integration?
Could you define Islam as a religion and tell me the source of your information?
I do not think that Muslims commit child rapes. The child rapes are committed by people of different races or ethnicities, not by Muslims.
Islamophobia is a crime punishable by law, you cannot blame all of humanity for the actions of one person.
The integration of Muslims is an integral part of the French way of life.
Do you have any other sources that prove this statement?
They are just the same as any other religion.
Do you really think that the majority of Muslims are terrorists? We already have the best counter-terrorism system in the world!
I am not aware that there is a single survey measure to judge integration in Europe.
That is not true. You have a mental illness.
I'm not sure you have a picture of the girls.
This is not true, in Italy, women make up a large proportion of the population, in fact, in the same survey only 18% of Italians reported that they had affairs.
The world is diverse, there are no 'islamic' countries, but there are'secular' countries like Malaysia and Indonesia where Muslims can practice their religion freely.
You are completely wrong about the global terrorism issue. Muslims are not the cause of terrorism. I invite you to read the history of the Muslim cause of terrorism.
The Islamic religion is a religion that is not exclusive to any country. There are many Muslims in France, there are no hard and fast rules for construction of mosques.
What exactly are you talking about? We have always been in contact with the police and they are responsible for the deaths of hundreds of thousands of Muslims.
This is a non-issue for me. I pray in my own home and I do not want anyone to disturb me.
It is not Islam that is the problem but the extremists who try to convert us.
Hi, I think that you have underestimated the role of the media in spreading this kind of hatred.
I do not see how this can be true.
Muslims have many things that enrich our culture, especially their creativity and knowledge.
The majority of Muslims are not violent.
There is nothing wrong with having a sexual orientation, but it is not a requirement of Islam, and most people of different sexual orientations are not brainwashed by Islam.
Why does it seem to you that all Muslims are criminals and all the Arabs are peaceful?
